adding ability to pass env variable to kaniko pods (#3289)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/builders/docker.md

```
Note that the Kubernetes secret must not be of type `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson` which stores the config json under the key `".dockerconfigjson"`, but an opaque secret with the key `"config.json"`.

> To set up envrionment variable for Kaniko pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up environment variables for each artifact's Kaniko pod:
```
